Once upon a time, on the edge of a village, an old farmer lived.
One morning, the old man went into the forest to collect firewood.
He ran into a bear on the road.
At first, the old man was afraid, and then comes to his sense.
Where are you going? - asks the Bear of the old man.
In the forest for firewood, - said the old man.
Wait, let's work together, lets plant rye into the ground - says the bear.
Let's work together, what should we plant? - Asks the old man of a bear.
Beets, they're tasty, - says the bear.
The old man agreed and they planted beets.
After one or two months, big, big leaves grow.
It came time to collect the beets.
The old man says to the bear:
Choose what you want, whether you want the leaves or the roots.
I pick the leaves, roots you to gather for yourself - Bear says.
As agreed, They divide the beets.  The bear took the leaves and the man took the roots.
The old man delighted eating the beet roots all winter.
Bear leaves chewed, chewed the leaves, then get fed up with it, and then threw the leaves away.
On another occasion, the old man went to the bazaar, beets on a cart, and again he meets the bear.
Where are you going? - asked the Bear of the old man.
To the city to sell beets - old man gives as an answer.
Well, yes, beets - Bear says.
The bear will eat the beets, it will seem very tasty.
You lied to me, you have sweet beets.
Do not come into the forest for firewood! - Bear scream at the old man.
Wait, do not hurry.
Let's plant then wheat, - says the old man.
Let's plant it, I just won't be a fool anymore. The roots are for me and the leaves are for you - tells the bear
So be it, so we'll do as you say - the old man will answer.
The old man and the bear in spring planted wheat.
The came to collect the harvest.
The old man and the bear collected wheat.
Let's divide the wheat, - says bear to the old man .
Let's divide it - says the old man.
Take what you need.
Bear takes itself roots, and the old man upper parts of the yellow-yellow wheat.
From it, he ground flour, baked hot bread, and the whole winter did not know what hunger is.
Bear tried the roots of wheat and all winter chewed his fingers and very sad.
Since then, the man and the bear do not work together.
They become each other's enemies.

























Spring has come
In kidney trees blossomed
Fresh grass everywhere
The gardens all become beautiful
happy kids Spring
A fresh wind blows
Nature gives to every year
We find solace in this.
spring Passes
It was getting hot days
It comes summer
Dreams come true.
Summer rains
saturated ground
and a great harvest
and fruits are very sweet.
Workers on collective farms
This good harvest
Together collect
and do not hurt yourself.
The sun has gone behind a cloud
Do not play more than
Obviously, start
Now the autumn months.
yellow yellow leaves
on the ground like a carpet
many birds
warmer climes found.
Go back to the crows
croak and croak
give to know people
Nature is changing.
I had trouble swallowing a single grain of wheat
Of those who were on the ship, he alone remained alive